my second night leading videos make
anything yesterday because we were
actually very busy and very tired and
half the kegerator so we were very happy
about that so that was our storage area
welcome to the deadness end of the night
doing the last few minute thing and so
see introduce you to one of our violent
this is this beautiful and lovely early
growth hello please tell us what you're
doing right now I am right now happen my
friend oh so we're going to give you the
other option of what you're doing before
but that would be funny looking at porn
yes is the red natural Chris here as you
can see we are in you can only see right
here an apartment complex in long beach
california i'm going to pouring rain
tonight just actually stopped happening
california no no rain so we got scared a
little bit today do a brief little tour
crew product this steps back Sonya
crewmen smell it I'm very very good and
also their tea tree
very very happy about this product
product a teacher uses a crew but the
tea tree is actually healing products
and a lot of our pradhan our our product
line this is our space age heaters beat
as you can tell we try to be very come
for hair we pulled in a lot of our
furniture we actually have furniture
outside during the day to be really
comfortable with and read magazines and
sunny old California shampoo bowls we
also have geology which is a really cool
product I'm just learning it myself my
husband Andrews we will meet soon he and
Carly has been doing here for a very
long time and know very much about them
about these products and I'm learning
I supply
I like with you on this Drive shine
um me I don't look pretty right now so
you can't see me completely and the rest
of our someone
give you a little tour when I give you
tour the bathroom the bathroom we are
actually pain in these stores
my Jackson Pollock editions was born
kind of industrial looking salon some
warm aspects which are really happy
about wearing lots of fun stuff that
will be the bathroom and
for wrecking
we definitely shortly finishing up some
paperwork so welcome to the den barber
salon and mommy oh there's my husband
will give you an introduction he's
busily working of course hey hello baby
this is Andrews Chris uses as drill
wisely we are in the process of putting
up a few more thing not some shelves
making ourselves organized come and see
us then long beach that's right okay
there's enough we will give you guys a
daily update hope you enjoyed this can't
wait to see you believe in yourself